So I'm sure you familiar with the fact that computers can't actually understand words. They deal with
numbers, ones and zeros, electrical inputs.
And programs stored on the computer are stored as sequences of binary numbers, and these numbers represent
instructions, and we already know instructions are commands.
Same thing. And these raw numbers, this raw state of instructions is known as machine code, and this
is true for all programming languages.
So the question is, and you know, I kind of alluded to it last lecture is, why don't we all just write
machine code? Well, for a few reasons.
One, it's just about impossible. Its numerical operations, tiny instructions that work on the smallest
pieces of memory inside your computer.
So even if you could write it, it's basically unreadable to anyone else.
And to top it off, the cherry on the top, is that machine code works at the level of the CPU.
So it just means you're going to have to learn different types of machine code for different models of
CPU.
And just before we move on, to appease those of you who are curious, what does machine code look like?
Well, when I say it is zeros and ones, I literally mean zero
and ones. I mean, here's an example of what machine code looks like.
And for a computer, this means something.
But before we jump the gun, let's continue.